On  Dill’s  last  night  with  us  that  summer,  before  he  went  back  to  Mississippi  to  start 
school, 
Dill noticed Mr. Avery on his front porch.  Dill said, “Golly, looka yonder.”  At first we 
saw  nothing,  but  then  we  saw  an  arc  of  water  falling  from  the  leaves  and  splashing  into  the 
yellow circle of the street light ten feet away.  Dill said, “Mrs. Avery 
must drink a gallon a day!”  
So  I  realized  that  Mr.  Avery  was  peeing  off  his  porch!!    And  then  Dill  and  Jem  argued  over 
which one of them could pee further, and of course I felt left out again being a girl and all.
Later that night Dill and Jem said they 
were going to peep in the Radley’s window to see 
if they could get a look at Boo.  They said that if I didn’t want to go with them I could go straight 
home and keep my mouth shut about it.  I said, “Jem, don’t...”
Jem said, “Scout, I’m telling you for the l
ast time, shut your trap or go home 
I declare 
to the Lord you’re gettin’ more like a girl every day!”  So, I shut up and joined them.  We snuck 
under a barbed wire fence and through a creaky gate into the Radley’s yard.  We had to be very 
quiet, and I wa
s so nervous!  We gave Dill a boost up to look in the window, but he didn’t see 
anything.    So  we  went  around  back  and  Jem  crept  across  the  porch  and  peeked  in  a  window.  
That  was  when  I  noticed  the  shadow.    It  was  the  shadow  of  a  man  with  a  hat  on,  and  it 
was 
moving  towards  Jem!    The  moonlight  was  bright  enough  to  make  shadows  that  night.    Dill 
noticed it too, and then Jem.  We were petrified!!  The shadow stopped about a foot beyond Jem.  
Its  arm  came  out  from  its  side,  dropped,  and  was  still.    Then  it  tur
ned  and  moved  back  across 
Jem, walked along the porch and off the side of the house, returning as it had come.
We  all  made  a  run  for  it!    We  ran  to  the  gate,  and  as  we  ran  through  the  collards,  I 
tripped.  Then I heard the roar of a shotgun!  We all scurr
ied toward the barbed wire fence, but 
Jem got caught in it as he tried to go under.  His pants were caught and he couldn’t get them free, 
so he kicked his pants off and started running in his underwear!
After  resting  for  a  minute,  we  realized  that  because
of  the  shotgun  noise,  the  whole 
neighborhood  was  standing  around  in  the  Radley’s  front  yard  to  see  what  was  going  on.    We 
realized that we had better show up or else people might start to realize that it was US sneaking 
around  in  their  yard!    When  we  got 
there  we  saw  Mr.  Nathan  Radley  (Boo’s  older  brother  ) 
standing  with  a  shotgun  by  his  side.    Atticus  was  there,  and  Miss  Maudie,  Miss  Stephanie 
Crawford, Miss Rachel (Dill’s aunt), and Mr. Avery.

“What happened,” asked Jem, as if he didn’t know.
Miss Maud
ie replied, “Mrs. Radley says he shot at a Negro in his collard patch.”
“Did he hit him?”
“No,” said Miss Stephanie.  “Shot in the air.  Scared him pale, though.  Says if anybody 
sees  a  white  n****r  around,  that’s  the  one.    Says  he’s  got  another  bullet  w
aitin’  for  the  next 
sound he ears in that patch, an’ next time he won’t aim high, be it dog, n****r, or 

Jem Finch!?”  
Miss Stephanie had just noticed Jem standing there without any pants on!
“Yes, Ma’am?” asked Jem.
Atticus spoke.  “Where’re your pants
, son?”
Dill spoke up quickly.  He thought of a good excuse so nobody would suspect that it was 
really  US  in  the  Radley’s  yard.    He  told  everyone  that  he  had  won  Jem’s  pants  from  him  in  a 
game of strip poker.  Jem and I relaxed, thinking this was a good e
xcuse.
But  Miss  Rachel,  Dill’s  aunt,  was  very  upset.    She  didn’t  think  we  should  be  playing 
poker!!  Gambling was a bad thing!!  But we said we were only betting with matches, not with 
real  money.    So  they  calmed  down  a  little.    Sure,  matches  were  dangero
us,  but  gambling  was 
really
dangerous!!  Kids shouldn’t be gambling!  It is kind of ironic that they’re more concerned 
about us playing with cards than about us playing with matches!!
In the middle of the night, Jem had to sneak out to go back and get his
pants, which were 
still stuck in the Radley’s fence.  If he didn’t get the pants back, Atticus would know that Dill’s 
strip poker excuse wasn’t true.  He didn’t want Atticus to find out what he had done because he 
knew  Atticus  would  be  very  disappointed  i
n  him.    Jem  said  we  shouldn’t  have  gone  to  the 
Radley place like that.  It was wrong.  I was scared to let Jem go back there alone in the middle 
of  the  night,  but  he  went  anyway.    After  a  while,  he  came  back  and  crept  into  bed.      Thank 
goodness!
